This preview is actually a bit more fleshed out than I had previously anticipated. I have already used more than 5 unique sounds to accomplish at least the intro of the story. In this preview, we have two characters: Captain Tharpe and Lieutenant Vayne. During the first half of the narrative you will hear Tharpe going about his daily business, with the crew in the background until multiple ships can be heard warping into their area in the background. Then through the use of the intercom voice we switch scenes with Tharpe relaying orders above while our soldiers are running to their ship. An epic background music theme plays. They successfully get on and you hear the engines, along with Vayne cautioning his team. They check their ammo and, on the way, down to the surface of the planet, explosions around them cause their ship to rattle and shake. As they get to the surface, distant battle sounds can be heard. 
My next step will be to add the rest of the voice lines from my roommates. I also have to add the in-battle sounds as being right in a firefight will definitely not sound muffled. I also think that the audio from the walkie talkie effect is a little bit sharp to the ear. While it is meant to be muddled I have to find a way to make it smooth instead of piercing. Another thing I think I have to work on is timing. Adding a background track in is all about timing the music with the right moments. You wouldn’t have an epic background track when someone is sleeping right? This background track I chose has actually lined up really well so far. I like where it picks up, with the entry of the enemy ships and the second big pickup of energy comes when Fireteam Hades touches the ground. 
